eWe kick-started operations on the 10th novemberwith the goal of breaking all barriers that traders and investors face in India in terms of cost, support, and technology. We named the company Zerodha, a combination of Zero and "Rodha", the Sanskrit word for barrier.
Today, our disruptive pricing models and in-house technology have made us the biggest stock broker in India in terms of active retail clients.

We are one of the fastest growing Advisory which contains not only Technical Analytical ability, but Excellent in data Production and Technical Skills.Our main focus is to deliver the most accurate commodity tips related to both international and indian market.
Our Company is the one of the leading Advisory for Commodity & international market respectively. We give guidance on movements, valuations and recommendations based on best Technical and fundamental analysis..
	◦	Our Company is one of the leading research laborites across the globe. The company basically provides recommendations for Commodities including bullion, energy & base metals , comex & forex.
	◦	





Our access to Forex makes it easy for people to enter the market. We measure success by providing cost-effective trading terms, while also providing completely transparent service around the world, no matter how high our clients' expectations may be
We are taking the lead in customizing the trading environment to help forex traders make the most of their profit

We have stared a new gold business 
related to network marketing.
Gold Coin is a unique product category, which elicits strong emotions from potential buyers..


The foreign exchange (also known as FX or forex) market is a global marketplace for exchanging national currencies against one another. Because of the worldwide reach of trade, commerce, and finance, forex markets tend to be the largest and most liquid asset markets in the world.
The foreign exchange market is a global decentralized or over-the-counter market for the trading of currencies.
	•	CREATIVE IDEAS
	•	QUICK SOLUTIONS
	•	MARKITING
	•	24 / 7 SUPPORT





We deliver the best for our clients
PRK GENERAL TRADING CORP. is a leading export house since the past 1999 and has been committed to the purpose of Excellence in the quality Import and Export of  Intermediate chemicals & Active pharma ingredients(API) & other  Chemicals for global markets. We have become one of the reliable International Trading companies as Exporter and Importer dealing with different commodities in large volumes and building a great trust relationship with all of its valuable buyers.
We strive to provide the product at affordable prices to all our customers. We strongly believe in great customer service and work towards the same.
We are managed by a team of professionals for global trading operations. Which allows us to offer global solutions to our clients abroad. Through which we have great relations with our clients & due to the international network we have been together with all the buyers and sellers of commodities in different parts of the world.




About
Our Vision
To be the preferred partner in supplying products for our clients. Our main concern is to work with our business partners to provide a high quality of products at competitive prices in order to increase our market share and ensure a fast-growing market for our products

Our Mission
Our mission is to bring together the varied talents of our organization in a concentrated effort, to provide viable solutions for our customers, premium-quality equipment, and a strong commitment to customer support and service. To continuously improve our business processes leading to prompt and efficient sales and after-sales services.

Our Strategies
PRK GENERAL TRADING CORP. strives for a Happier and Healthier Future.

We intend to focus on cost control and operational efficiencies on our industrial assets and on the sourcing of competitively priced physical commodities from reliable third-party suppliers.
We focus on sourcing, processing, refinement, Printing machinery, inks, papers, supply of metals and minerals, & intermediate chemicals as well as Active Pharma Ingredients (APIS).
We maintain and are planning to expand our centralized risk management resources and information systems.
Our human resources will continue to be the most valuable asset in this quest for leadership and the prime driving force for our growth.
We are good corporate citizens and driven by high ethical standards in our practices.

Our Commitment
We believe in practicing, what we preach & delivering what we promise.
Quality, value and timely responses are the keys to customer satisfaction and the long relationships with our customers.
PRK GENERAL TRADING CORP. is driven by the desire to bring to market innovations that will significantly improve the quality of life of people.

Quality Policy:
Accuracy: Focus on quality measurements that reflect how well our order fulfillment process has met a customer’s need and satisfaction.
Efficiency: Our services to customers in the most cost-effective manner possible while still ensuring the high quality of its products, service, and support.
Quality: We try to exceed our customer expectations in terms of quality which can be seen by the satisfaction of our customers which whom we deal with. Customer Satisfaction: As we have the accuracy, efficiency as well as quality in our products & also we have technology that meets our customer’s demand we ensure that we have great customer satisfaction from our end as well as from theirs.


Support
Our Company is an Enhanced & full-Fledged Technology Advisor Company with Workable Competitive Advantage Arising from Solid Trade Name. We believes not only in Customer Pleasure but we Manipulate that it's our Liability to go beyond the ways to gladness our customer. 
We provide you the necessary information you need for maximum profits. Our fully managed support designed to enhance your Online Trading experience. Finding yourself tied to the tracks with lessee trades and unanswered questions? We always try to ensure that maximum information should be made easily available to our visitors. But still if you're looking for some more info, this page is for you. We would love to discuss your trade at any time. Get to know us a little more, and you will quickly notice how beneficial it's. 

There're few things that money can buy. Jupiterr.co gives you that path which keep closer to you to buy that few things. The early adopters of Jupiterr.co are certainly going to have something the others don't. Get in touch with us to know more about our services, pricing, and customer support plans. In other words, someone who has the products, services, and expertise to help you succeed.
Divine Best Support


24/7 Support
Our Company Has a Provision Of New Contemporary Service and support, we know well how to keep our customers happy

We value your time
We are using superfast sms routes by which sms must be delivered with in 10-15 
seconds without any delay .

We provide qualified support
Our support team is online 24/7, and is ready to help you with any design - related issue
